Mama Takeshi
I have lived by your side for 18 years
I am the daughter of the Lu family.
This person has no blood relationship with the Lu family
hate the poor and love the rich
How can you be the eldest lady of the Lu family?
Brother yes
I know wrong
Let me go back this time
open
You can't just find your biological daughter
The devil you raised for 18 years has been abandoned
Is it a letter from my parents' witnesses?
That's too much.
After finding your relatives to play
You don't have to kick the adopted daughter out of the house, do you?
It's just so heartless
And you can watch the video.
Oops, these two little pigs have grown up
Another litter of piglets
The cost of college tuition will come down
Let go of you two
It's not my parents who raise pigs at all
I'm going to find my real parents
Hey, you little girl
To let you know how to make money
We unanimously decided to send you to the country
I want to take you back when you are an adult
But you
After finding my biological parents, for a few stinky money
Just abandon us ruthlessly
It's only one person now, big brother.
It's him Tsinghua
Prince wait